README.md, before:

![lifeMEDeasy](https://socialify.git.ci/avinashkranjan/lifeMEDeasy/image?description=1&descriptionEditable=Part%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Quantum-Hack-Hackathon%20%20%20%F0%9F%A9%BA%20lifeMEDeasy%20-%20Automating%20Healthcare%20%E2%9A%95&forks=1&issues=1&language=1&owner=1&pulls=1&stargazers=1&theme=Light)

### [YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S09S2_bWNR0)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-swag.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/you-didnt-ask-for-this.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

### _Automating Healthcare_

_**Our Mission is to automate Healthcare and make Health facilities available to everyone regardless of their limitations**_ <br />
Our Goals:

1.  Automate Healthcare Medical Appointments
2.  Online Disease Severity Prediction based on input symptoms through AI enabled chat-bots
3.  Online Medical Document Storage for Doctor-Patient Interactions
4.  e-Ambulance Tracking

### Module-Wise Description

_**Registration**_ <br/>

The web application would have a facility for the user's to register as either doctors or patients. Both of them would have access to specific features of the application.
The hospitals could manage the patient's appointments and assign appropriate slots for particular consultations.

_**e-Ambulance Tracking**_ <br/>
It would aid people in urgent need of medical help, the web app would provide the facility to book and track ambulances for essential help.

_**Appointment Scheduler**_ <br/>
The patient would be able to book appointments for the particular time slots he wishes to visit the hospital for.

_**Disease severity prediction**_ <br/>
This module would provide an automated, AI enabled chatbot which would provide inputs on the medical condition of the user, in case medical help is not accessible

_**Medical Record Storage**_ <br/>
This module would enable online storage of patient's documents, this will help preserve them and avoid the hassle of carrying them for every consultation.

## 👨🏻‍💻 How to get started?

You can refer to the following articles on basics of Git and Github and also contact the Project Mentors, in case you are stuck:

- [Forking a Repo](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo)
- [Cloning a Repo](https://help.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-to-projects/creating-a-pull-request)
- [How to create a Pull Request](https://opensource.com/article/19/7/create-pull-request-github)
- [Getting started with Git and GitHub](https://towardsdatascience.com/getting-started-with-git-and-github-6fcd0f2d4ac6)

## 📝 How to Contribute?

- Take a look at [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/avinashkranjan/Amazing-Python-Scripts/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Take a look at the Existing Issues or create your own Issues!
- Wait for the Issue to be assigned to you after which you can start working on it.
- Fork the Repo and create a Branch for any Issue that you are working upon.
- Create a Pull Request which will be promptly reviewed and suggestions would be added to improve it.
- Add Screenshots to help us know what this Script is all about.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people. 👩🏻‍💻

<table>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<a href="https://github.com/avinashkranjan/lifeMEDeasy/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=avinashkranjan/lifeMEDeasy" />
</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>


Contributions of any kind welcome! 🌟

<h1 align=center> Project Admin ❤️ </h1>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/avinashkranjan"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55796944/95675026-dab07580-0bd1-11eb-93e2-1cb1de8acf38.png" width=150px height=150px /></a> 
    
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/avinashkranjan%20-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iavinashranjan%20-%231DA1F2.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Twitter&logoColor=white"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/avinashkranjan7%20-%23E4405F.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white"/>

Commit message:

Updated readme with setup section.
I have wrote the standard setup for getting started with this project. Please accept these changes and if you find any additional setup settings please add them as well.

README.md, after:

![lifeMEDeasy](https://socialify.git.ci/avinashkranjan/lifeMEDeasy/image?description=1&descriptionEditable=Part%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Quantum-Hack-Hackathon%20%20%20%F0%9F%A9%BA%20lifeMEDeasy%20-%20Automating%20Healthcare%20%E2%9A%95&forks=1&issues=1&language=1&owner=1&pulls=1&stargazers=1&theme=Light)

### [YouTube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S09S2_bWNR0)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-swag.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/you-didnt-ask-for-this.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

### _Automating Healthcare_

_**Our Mission is to automate Healthcare and make Health facilities available to everyone regardless of their limitations**_ <br />
Our Goals:

1.  Automate Healthcare Medical Appointments
2.  Online Disease Severity Prediction based on input symptoms through AI enabled chat-bots
3.  Online Medical Document Storage for Doctor-Patient Interactions
4.  e-Ambulance Tracking

### Module-Wise Description

_**Registration**_ <br/>

The web application would have a facility for the user's to register as either doctors or patients. Both of them would have access to specific features of the application.
The hospitals could manage the patient's appointments and assign appropriate slots for particular consultations.

_**e-Ambulance Tracking**_ <br/>
It would aid people in urgent need of medical help, the web app would provide the facility to book and track ambulances for essential help.

_**Appointment Scheduler**_ <br/>
The patient would be able to book appointments for the particular time slots he wishes to visit the hospital for.

_**Disease severity prediction**_ <br/>
This module would provide an automated, AI enabled chatbot which would provide inputs on the medical condition of the user, in case medical help is not accessible

_**Medical Record Storage**_ <br/>
This module would enable online storage of patient's documents, this will help preserve them and avoid the hassle of carrying them for every consultation.

## 👨🏻‍💻 How to get started?

You can refer to the following articles on basics of Git and Github and also contact the Project Mentors, in case you are stuck:

- [Forking a Repo](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo)
- [Cloning a Repo](https://help.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-to-projects/creating-a-pull-request)
- [How to create a Pull Request](https://opensource.com/article/19/7/create-pull-request-github)
- [Getting started with Git and GitHub](https://towardsdatascience.com/getting-started-with-git-and-github-6fcd0f2d4ac6)

## 📝 How to Contribute?

- Take a look at [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/avinashkranjan/Amazing-Python-Scripts/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Take a look at the Existing Issues or create your own Issues!
- Wait for the Issue to be assigned to you after which you can start working on it.
- Fork the Repo and create a Branch for any Issue that you are working upon.
- Create a Pull Request which will be promptly reviewed and suggestions would be added to improve it.
- Add Screenshots to help us know what this Script is all about.

## 📝 How to setup project (React)?
- Install Nodejs (this will also install npm) (if not already installed)
- go into the forked repository and create new branch (to know more take a look at How to Contribute section above).
- run "npm install" from terminal. This will install all the dependency required to run the react project.
- run "npm start" from terminal. This will start the server on localhost:3000

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people. 👩🏻‍💻

<table>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<a href="https://github.com/avinashkranjan/lifeMEDeasy/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=avinashkranjan/lifeMEDeasy" />
</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>


Contributions of any kind welcome! 🌟

<h1 align=center> Project Admin ❤️ </h1>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/avinashkranjan"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55796944/95675026-dab07580-0bd1-11eb-93e2-1cb1de8acf38.png" width=150px height=150px /></a> 
    
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/avinashkranjan%20-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iavinashranjan%20-%231DA1F2.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Twitter&logoColor=white"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/avinashkranjan7%20-%23E4405F.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white"/>
